hey guys what's going on got to a CSP
here coming at you with a new series on
this channel now as my rebuilding series
is dwindling down to the last three
teams I decided let's make a new series
now with that rebuilding series uh there
will be a video after I stop rebuilding
well after I rebuilt the third and last
team in that poll there will be a video
explaining my series idea for that and
then you guys will give your input on
that so this is kind of a secondary
series I guess to that while the
rebuilding series is still going on
obviously in any other facers my league
here on it be 2k15 I tried this with my
GM and I honestly hate my GM I hated it
in suit K 14 it went by so slow and it
just I hate I just don't like my gym I
like my league way better and it goes by
way fat weight quicker so in real life
Paul George was hurt for most of the
regular season and that is it that is
exactly what I am going to do here in
this my league series I want to make
this part of it realistic as possible
because you know the Pacers this year
you know we're not supposed to go you
know 56 and 26 you know we're not we're
not supposed to you know make the
playoffs you know as a as a high seed
you know we were we probably should have
made the eighth the eighth seed but you
know it is what it is I don't really
care we got to pick in the lottery so
I'm not mad whatsoever and if you guys
didn't know already I am probably the
biggest oh no I am the biggest Pacers
van on YouTube so there is that all
right Here I am trading for the Wizards
first round plate because they usually
suck in well they always suck in the
first year I have no idea why they do
since they've made the playoffs like
what three years in a row I don't really
understand that right here I'm seeing
what I can get for George Hill and I saw
a trade earlier before I showed this it
was this one for Isaiah Thomas and Luigi
de Toma and all we're giving up is
George Hill and yanma hey V I was really
really surprised when I saw the trade I
mean Isiah Thomas is a way better point
guard than George Hill and I have no
idea what these Celtics are thinking but
I'm not going to sit here and be mad
about that because you know we got Isiah
Thomas and he's basically good basically
going to be our point guard for the
future I've played
couple games with the team at the end of
season one its met he is so much fun to
play with and since since we did get rid
of yama he me and i'm not going to sit
here and have Shayne Whittington be our
backup center I sign JaVale McGee
aka tragic Bronson aka the go aka better
than Michael Jordan aka better than
Kwame Brown sooo a two-year deal a five
million dollar deal with that to be our
new backup Center now Roy Hibbert is
someone that I will look to trade in the
off season not going to make any major
moves here you know except for the one
that we just made and as you see there
Paul George is hurt so I'm just gonna
sit I'm going to simulate the whole
entire year because there's no point you
know playing any games but at the
all-star break I am prompted with this
trade for Iman Shumpert and Shawn Marion
I'm going to modify it to my liking you
know if I'm gonna get Iman Shumpert I'm
gonna give up Rodney Stuckey who is out
we're starting shooting guard and I have
to get rid of somebody let's get rid of
da mo I mean never mind let's get rid of
Luigi to tell me who we got in the Isiah
Thomas trade I was gonna go for Matthew
Dellavedova but he was hurt so let's
just get James Jones and the Cavaliers
accept that deal so now Iman Shumpert is
now the new starting shooting guard for
the Indiana Pacers this season so at the
end of season one James Harden wins the
MVP award Andrew Wiggins Rookie of the
Year Dave Lee six Man of the Year
DeAndre Jordan Defensive Player of the
Year Steven Adams most proof player and
David Blatt or LeBron wins coach of the
year because let's be honest here LeBron
coach that team way more than David
Blatt does but you know they're in the
final so you know you can't really you
can't really make a lot of jokes about
that well I mean you can I have bigger
the Cavs in six games to win and you
know obviously against the Warriors I'm
not going to go against LeBron unless if
he's playing the Spurs I mean that's
basically my you know logic on that the
Spurs will forever have LeBrons number
they should have beat them two times in
a row two years ago you know two years
ago and then last year so you know I
think that Spurs err will always be
superior to LeBron I'm going to stop
talking about that though because
there's really no point talking about it
so look at all of those injuries
you see we are tied for seventh in the
Eastern Conference this team is not
looking good whatsoever and we're going
to get the Cavs in the first round so we
are most likely screwed and just to take
a look at our injuries here you know in
case we had more Isiah Thomas is most
likely out for the whole entire
postseason if we do end up advancing and
then Roy Hibbert PG and JaVale McGee are
all out one to two weeks so there is
that going up against the Cavs I'm not
expecting to win I am expecting to get
beaten five games four to five games
they would Game one and Game two it is
not looking too good but we do win Game
three and Game four on our home floor we
win Game five in Cleveland they win Game
six and then Game seven Wow they oh no
we win yeah by three against the
Cleveland Cavaliers but as you see you
know you know they didn't have Kevin
Love or Kyrie Irving well Kevin Love was
still hurt with that torn labrum Stuckey
had a torn bicep and Kyrie Irving broken
leg so that is basically why the Cavs
lost and you know they barely lost in
Game seven so now we're playing the
Hawks in the second round and we're up
three games to one but knowing 2k
they're going to come back inside at
three games apiece but we do end up
beating the Hawks in Atlanta by five
points to advance to the Eastern
Conference Finals I believe our third
straight Eastern Conference Finals
appearance so that is pretty nice but we
are going up against the Bulls and
unless Derrick Rose is hurt I doubt that
we're going to do anything special and
no one on their team assert they are
fully healthy so it's looking like we
are going to lose in four games we do
win Game three but they win Game four
and oh and they ultimately win the
series and look at this ugly Game five
65 to 54 our our leading scorer had 11
points
we shot 27 percent from the field we got
twenty seven percent from the field
eight percent from three and I you know
most of our points came from the
free-throw line as the Bulls win the NBA
Finals in in season one and Jimmy Butler
wins the Finals MVP so that is going to
be it for me for episode number one make
sure to hit a like well make sure to
drop a like on the video and subscribe
if you guys did enjoy tell me in the
comment section which teams you want to
see me play in season 2 and next buddy
will be the will be the offseason think
I so much for watching and I'll see you
guys next time peace